well addy they're gonna have people it's
bail again so tonight we're going to
talk about principles logic and
consistency in Virginia principles logic
and consistency are three things that
have been sorely lacking in American
political thought as of late we're going
to talk about this because a whole lot
of people had asked me my opinion on
what's going on up there my principles
dictate that in order for something to
be a crime there has to be a victim if
there's not a victim there's not a crime
so it's pretty simple I like to try to
give freedom a chance I also believe
that nobody knows how to run your life
better than you so the local
jurisdiction is going to be more
responsive to the will of the people in
that area pretty simple not complex or
complex ideas okay so what's going on up
there the state is proposing some pretty
sweeping legislation local jurisdictions
are saying no we're not going to do it
we're not going to abide by these laws
we are going to create Second Amendment
sanctuaries okay because of my
principles I have to say the mere
possession of something doesn't
necessarily create a victim therefore if
these guys want to run around and
everybody in the county wants to carry
an Uzi that's on them I would also say
that the local jurisdiction probably
best represents the will of the people
in that jurisdiction
so yeah the
far right-wing Virginians have my
support from afar on this one kind of
thoughts and prayers things you guys
want to do this go right ahead I don't
think the state should deploy the
National Guard to force compliance in
this I think that's a really bad idea
and can cause things to spiral out of
control which would probably create real
victims now there's a whole bunch of
right-wingers going yeh right now all
right now is the consistency part if
these are your principles and you
believe this you have to support other
forms of sanctuary jurisdictions whether
we're talking about other forms of
prohibition or immigration the mere
existence of a person does not create a
victim the people in the local community
decided what they wanted right now I'm
sure if somebody is saying you know
there's no Amendment saying we have the
right to keep and bear illegals you're
right but that's not how most the
Constitution works Constitution is a
permission slip from the states to the
feds this is what you're allowed to do
this is where you have power if the
power is not specifically listed in the
Constitution under the 9th and 10th
amendments it's reserved to the states
and people at no point in the
Constitution is there a power granted to
the feds to determine who comes in and
out of a state doesn't exist so even
from the constitutional aspect if you
want to remain logically consistent and
you want to say these are your
principles you have to stick to them
otherwise they're not your principles
you're being drug around by the nose by
some politicians that have found a
talking point the resonates with you
it's propaganda either what you believe
to be right and true is right and true
or you don't have any principles you
just have whatever your betters tell you
this is what you need to believe and in
this case this is what you really need
to take a stand for this could get ugly
this could get ugly real fast it
shouldn't it shouldn't but it could and
it's not gonna be those politicians
egging you along it's not going to be
those special interest groups from
outside of the state or outside of the
county that have to pay the price for it
it's gonna be the little guy you guys
want to take this stand more power to
you
seriously but I would ask if they're
your principles or you're just being
told what to do and if they are your
principles are you remaining consistent
with your beliefs anyway it's just a
thought now I have a good day